it came to pass after these things that
it came to pass after these things that the butler and the Baker of the king of
the butler and the Baker of the king of
the butler and the Baker of the king of Egypt offended their Lord the king of
Egypt offended their Lord the king of
Egypt offended their Lord the king of Egypt and Pharaoh was angry with his two
Egypt and Pharaoh was angry with his two
Egypt and Pharaoh was angry with his two officers the chief Butler and the chief
officers the chief Butler and the chief
officers the chief Butler and the chief Baker so he put them in custody in the
Baker so he put them in custody in the
Baker so he put them in custody in the house of the captain of the guard in the
house of the captain of the guard in the
house of the captain of the guard in the prison the place where Joseph was
prison the place where Joseph was
prison the place where Joseph was confined and the captain of the guard
confined and the captain of the guard
confined and the captain of the guard charged Joseph with them and he served
charged Joseph with them and he served
charged Joseph with them and he served them so they were in custody for a while
them so they were in custody for a while
them so they were in custody for a while then the butler and the Baker of the
then the butler and the Baker of the
then the butler and the Baker of the king of Egypt who were confined in the
king of Egypt who were confined in the
king of Egypt who were confined in the prison had a dream both of them each
prison had a dream both of them each
prison had a dream both of them each man's dream in one night and each man's
man's dream in one night and each man's
man's dream in one night and each man's dream with its own interpretation and
dream with its own interpretation and
dream with its own interpretation and Joseph came into them in the morning and
Joseph came into them in the morning and
Joseph came into them in the morning and looked at them and saw that they were
looked at them and saw that they were
looked at them and saw that they were sad so he asked Pharaoh's officers who
sad so he asked Pharaoh's officers who
sad so he asked Pharaoh's officers who were with him in the custody of his
were with him in the custody of his
were with him in the custody of his Lords house why do you look so sad today
Lords house why do you look so sad today
Lords house why do you look so sad today we each have had a dream and there is no
we each have had a dream and there is no
we each have had a dream and there is no interpreter of it do not interpretations
interpreter of it do not interpretations
interpreter of it do not interpretations belong to God tell them to me please and
belong to God tell them to me please and
belong to God tell them to me please and the chief Butler told his dream to
the chief Butler told his dream to
the chief Butler told his dream to Joseph behold in my dream a vine was
Joseph behold in my dream a vine was
Joseph behold in my dream a vine was before me and in the vine with three
before me and in the vine with three
before me and in the vine with three branches it was as though it butted its
branches it was as though it butted its
branches it was as though it butted its blossoms shot forth and it's clusters
blossoms shot forth and it's clusters
blossoms shot forth and it's clusters brought forth ripe grapes then Pharaoh's
brought forth ripe grapes then Pharaoh's
brought forth ripe grapes then Pharaoh's Cup was in my hand and I took the grapes
Cup was in my hand and I took the grapes
Cup was in my hand and I took the grapes and pressed them into Pharaoh's Cup
and pressed them into Pharaoh's Cup
and pressed them into Pharaoh's Cup and place the cup in pharaoh's hand this
and place the cup in pharaoh's hand this
and place the cup in pharaoh's hand this is the interpretation on it the three
is the interpretation on it the three
is the interpretation on it the three branches are three days now within three
branches are three days now within three
branches are three days now within three days Pharaoh will lift up your head and
days Pharaoh will lift up your head and
days Pharaoh will lift up your head and restore you to your place and you will
restore you to your place and you will
restore you to your place and you will put Pharaoh's cup in his hand according
put Pharaoh's cup in his hand according
put Pharaoh's cup in his hand according to the former manner when you were his
to the former manner when you were his
to the former manner when you were his Butler but remember me when it is well
Butler but remember me when it is well
Butler but remember me when it is well with you and please show kindness to me
with you and please show kindness to me
with you and please show kindness to me make mention of me to Pharaoh and get me
make mention of me to Pharaoh and get me
make mention of me to Pharaoh and get me out of this house for indeed I was
out of this house for indeed I was
out of this house for indeed I was stolen away from the land of the Hebrews
stolen away from the land of the Hebrews
stolen away from the land of the Hebrews and also I have done nothing here that
and also I have done nothing here that
and also I have done nothing here that they should put me into the dungeon when
they should put me into the dungeon when
they should put me into the dungeon when the chief Baker saw that the
the chief Baker saw that the
the chief Baker saw that the interpretation was good he said to
interpretation was good he said to
interpretation was good he said to Joseph I also was in my dream and there
Joseph I also was in my dream and there
Joseph I also was in my dream and there were three white baskets on my head
were three white baskets on my head
were three white baskets on my head in the uppermost basket were all kinds
in the uppermost basket were all kinds
in the uppermost basket were all kinds of baked goods for Pharaoh and the birds
of baked goods for Pharaoh and the birds
of baked goods for Pharaoh and the birds ate them out of the basket on my head
ate them out of the basket on my head
ate them out of the basket on my head [Music]
[Music]
[Music] this is the interpretation of it the
this is the interpretation of it the
this is the interpretation of it the three baskets are three days within
three baskets are three days within
three baskets are three days within three days Pharaoh will lift off your
three days Pharaoh will lift off your
three days Pharaoh will lift off your head from you and hang you on a tree and
head from you and hang you on a tree and
head from you and hang you on a tree and the birds without your flesh from you
now it came to pass on the third day
now it came to pass on the third day which was Pharaohs birthday but he made
which was Pharaohs birthday but he made
which was Pharaohs birthday but he made a feast for all his servants and he
a feast for all his servants and he
a feast for all his servants and he lifted up the head of the chief Butler
lifted up the head of the chief Butler
lifted up the head of the chief Butler and on the chief Baker among his
and on the chief Baker among his
and on the chief Baker among his servants when he restored the chief
servants when he restored the chief
servants when he restored the chief Butler to his butter ship again and he
Butler to his butter ship again and he
Butler to his butter ship again and he placed the cup in Pharaoh's hand but he
placed the cup in Pharaoh's hand but he
placed the cup in Pharaoh's hand but he hanged the chief Baker as Joseph had
hanged the chief Baker as Joseph had
hanged the chief Baker as Joseph had interpreted to them yet the chief Butler
interpreted to them yet the chief Butler
interpreted to them yet the chief Butler did not remember Joseph but forgot him
you
you [Music]